---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "panther_s3_source Resource - terraform-provider-panther"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Represents an S3 Log Source in Panther
---

# panther_s3_source (Resource)

Represents an S3 Log Source in Panther

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Manage an S3 Log Source integration in Panther.
resource "panther_s3_source" "example" {
  aws_account_id                               = "123456789012"
  name                                         = "my-s3-logs"
  log_processing_role_arn                      = "arn:aws:iam::123456789012:role/PantherLogProcessingRole"
  log_stream_type                              = "Auto"
  panther_managed_bucket_notifications_enabled = true
  bucket_name                                  = "my-log-bucket"
  prefix_log_types = [{
    excluded_prefixes = []
    log_types         = ["AWS.CloudTrail"]
    prefix            = ""
  }]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `aws_account_id` (String) The ID of the AWS Account where the S3 Bucket is located.
- `bucket_name` (String) The name of the S3 Bucket where logs will be ingested from.
- `log_processing_role_arn` (String) The AWS Role used to access the S3 Bucket.
- `log_stream_type` (String) The format of the log files being ingested. Supported log stream types: Auto, JSON, JsonArray, Lines, CloudWatchLogs, XML
- `name` (String) The display name of the S3 Log Source integration.
- `prefix_log_types` (Attributes List) The configured mapping of prefixes to log types. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--prefix_log_types))

### Optional

- `kms_key_arn` (String) The KMS key ARN used to access the S3 Bucket.
- `log_stream_type_options` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--log_stream_type_options))
- `panther_managed_bucket_notifications_enabled` (Boolean) True if bucket notifications are being managed by Panther.  __This will cause Panther to create additional infrastructure in your AWS account.__ \
To manage the notification-related infrastructure through terraform, refer to [this example](https://github.com/panther-labs/panther-auxiliary/tree/main/terraform/panther_log_processing_notifications).

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the S3 log source.

<a id="nestedatt--prefix_log_types"></a>
### Nested Schema for `prefix_log_types`

Required:

- `excluded_prefixes` (List of String) S3 Prefixes to be excluded from log type mapping.
- `log_types` (List of String) List of log types that map to the S3 Prefix.
- `prefix` (String) S3 Prefix to map Log Types to.


<a id="nestedatt--log_stream_type_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `log_stream_type_options`

Optional:

- `json_array_envelope_field` (String) Path to the JSON array field to extract records from. Only applicable when log_stream_type is JsonArray.
- `retain_envelope_fields` (Boolean) Preserve CloudWatch Logs envelope metadata (accountId, logGroup, subscriptionFilters) in a p_header column. Only applicable when log_stream_type is CloudWatchLogs.
- `xml_root_element` (String) Root element wrapping XML events. Only applicable when log_stream_type is XML.
